for a long time we were looking for a recipe for cucumbers
who would have their homeland in style for very long
and remained not to switch the scheme
a long time right now is april month we
still eat them they have remained so
how practically we will be like this
face it practically
as they were after a month
after salting in a month
crisply ready-made pretty together
with 2 runs roughly barely found this
honestly I tried the recipe very
many poured a couple of years straight banks
10 cans because as far as rewrote
it was impossible to eat and here on one
kind man showed that in any
recipe
here's the recipe that you do so
garlic than you do there yes if u
you already have your recipe
you need to add three huge twigs
amaranth schiritsa it is called by
Ukrainian amaranth is a malicious weed
weed in Ukraine
which very many are trying to bring
himself from the garden, he is mean green
green red and red but not red
such more in burgundy or
Buryakova his color here are three kinds of it
happens to tear
we are 30-40 centimeters tall
a twig is so good and that's what you need
on a three-liter jar of three cucumbers
things here we have greenbacks in our
the case of green is so big
I will share those persons with recipes
do and here we throw on the three-liter
jar means cucumbers necessarily
note that the cucumbers were
just for conservation for pickling
why because we are this year
experimented we closed tick
that for salting in a jar mixed one
those that were early, that is, they were not
they are intended like that
not afraid of that word so father what
for for. they crunch still mean
three branches of amaranth this schiritsa horseradish
one big piece of such a spade shovel
we choose currants 10 leaves
big too dill 1 big umbrella
such a twig is also big
2 garlic cloves we throw and 100 grams
salt without a hill that is a glass
side of the new salt I will be able to say
what can a recipe do
an individual who is used to something
the main thing to add magic 3
amaranth sprigs and your cucumbers in general
will not rewrite practically that is
they are barely a can of course from a bank
too different can not understand why
sometimes a jar we open it straight my
ideal sometimes rewrite a little why
can not understand can less Syrians
laid from this maranth can from sort
cucumbers for the month that is not clear but in
basically all the jars are very very very
delicious crispy
straight very very straight want to pass
you therefore taste good to you
cucumber unfortunately not found so far
then the recipe of tomatoes that you also do not
rewrote
suddenly you know this recipe share
leave in the comments leave will
thank you